Update doc according npm workspace (#636)
epfml/disco: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

You can test the server with:

```
npm -w server test
```

Make sure you are not running a server at the same time as the test suite will launch its own instance. We use [mocha](https://mochajs.org/), [chai](https://www.chaijs.com/) and [supertest](https://github.com/visionmedia/supertest) for testing; respectively they are libraries for unit tests, assertions, and http testing.

Server tests live in the `server/tests/` folder. All files ending with the `.spec.ts` extension written in this folder will be run as tests. Simply write a new `your_own_test.spec.ts` file to include it in the testing pipeline.

### Contributing to `web-client`

If you are planning to contribute to the `web-client`, have a look at [VUEJS.md](./VUEJS.md) to read more on how Vue.js is used in this project.

The `web-client` requires that an server instance is running. You can start a local one as described in the last section with:

```
npm -w server start # from the root folder
```

The web-client can now be started with:

```
npm -w web-client start # from the root folder

> npm start # from the web-client folder

Reviewer: hum, sometimes commands are from the root folder, sometimes from the local dir. we need to keep to only one style of command.

Author: In this case I'm giving two alternative ways of starting the web-client depending on the cwd. I'm trying to always use -w but I'm sometimes wary that some readers may have missed how -w worked

Reviewer: your call :)

```

> The Vue development mode supports hot-reloading via `nodemon` and the client will automatically restart whenever a change in `web-client` is detected. Starting the Vue client should print something similar to

Reviewer: haa, in a perfect world, it should, but `vue-cli-service` already do a pretty good job at watching changes and hot-reloading modules so I kept it.

```suggestion
The Vue development mode supports hot-reloading via `vue-cli-service` and the client will automatically restart whenever a change in `web-client` is detected. Starting the Vue client should print something similar to
```

Author: Ah nice thanks for reading attentively!
